We're going to take a look at
some of that data and compare it
with what our subjective opinions were and
see how those things measured.
So when I did this exercise,
these were the scores that I got.
Now your scores are likely
different than these,
I would not expect us all
to have the exact same.
And the reason that we would not
have the exact same is that these
are called lab metrics.
As in we got these metrics from
running in our own private laboratory.
Which is our own machine.
Your score is reflected what your
instance of Chrome running on
your screen size for
your computer currently experienced it.
And so it's going to change slightly based
on what kind of computer you're using,
how big your screen was,
where in the world you are,
how well the site was serving
you content at the time, etc.
But when I did this,
these are the scores that I got.
And I've color coded
them here on the left,
which they should have popped in as
you enter the numbers, roughly how
Chrome would have treated those numbers,
whether they were good or bad.
And on the right, I calculated
the ranking of each and compared it.
So the perceived speed rank was
whatever you ranked the sites from your
subjective which site is fastest,
our first exercise that we did.
And then how well they ranked for
each of these three important metrics.
We didn't include first input
delay because likely you're not
inputting anything into these sites.
So how well did they correlate?
For me my metrics seemed to correlate
pretty well with my subjective opinion.
I thought NPR was the fastest,
I felt it was the fastest.
And it had the fastest LCP,
the best caminos of layout score, and
the second fastest first contentful paint.
Overall, the metrics say,
this is a good site.
It was fast.
The second fastest site for
me was the New York Times.
That's what I felt it was.
And the metrics agree
with it across the board.
It was the second rank in everything.
It was the second fastest FCP,
the second fastest LCP,
the second best CLS, etc.
So this was, at least in this instance,
a pretty good representation
of my subjective opinion.